Week #1 :

1- Heroku and enviroment set-up :
In the beginning it was essential to start setting up the environment, I created an account with heroku 
and I have installed it in my mac as well I deployed the first nodejs sample application and save 
it in my dash-board.
next step was using heroku to deploy locally, therefore I downloaded nodejs and npm to install updates and 
needed packages such as express. after that I was able to deploy locally.

2- Bootstrap 
next step was creating our own git-hub project and start coding in this nodejs project, we were all able to 
connect to github and access the master project of the shopping cart. the next step for me as part of the 
front-end team is to look into bootstrap. i was able to deploy a demo sample that uses many features of bootstrap 
i followed an online tutorial “Bootstrap Tutorial for Beginners” with 6 lessons on using bootstrap the URL is kept 
in waffel for everyone to access . then i was able to deploy it using heroku and kept as a reference since it contained 
many features that i need. 

3- Front-End welcome page initial github commit
Next step was to step up the features used by bootsrap and start a skeleton files for the website this time i used a more 
advanced youtube tutorial called “ Code a Responsive Website with Bootstrap 3” where I used a responsive template that I’m 
planning to use as a reference for the pet food store website.

4- Application Artchitecutre and design  
me and my partner in the front end team as well the team memebers in the back end met up and disccused the features we want 
to have in our application, as well talked about the archictecture of the project, we decided we will have modules to talk 
to the database (DAO's) we will have modules for the logic layer as well and implement rest apis to implement certain 
neccesarries features in our application.


5- Front-End design documentation 
after meeting up with the team , the front team that includes me and another team member, talked about the essential pages 
and what fields do we need for each page and I documented all of this discussion in a file commited here to gitub 
callsed Frontendt-Phase1-requirments file as a reference for us for our week#2 work.

